how's it going out there walking from h2
tech videos today I want to show you how
to restore your iPhone using one of your
iCloud backups okay in a previous video
I showed you how to backup your iPhone
to the cloud and so now I want to show
you how to restore your new iPhone to
your original settings so for example
with iCloud it lets you backup you know
your whole phone to the cloud and so
when you pick that back up it'll put all
the same apps all the same settings
contact notes etc it will put all that
back on the phone without you having to
reload all those settings and then we
actually have it the exact way you had
it wallpapers everything so I'm going to
walk you through it I'm going to show
you how cool this is okay so here we go
pick the language we'll go next
United States next enable location
services next you're going to pick your
Wi-Fi network that you want to connect
to
unfortunately this iPhone is not
connected with a carrier right now so
I'm just using Wi-Fi but it still would
be the same way if you did have an
iPhone that was connected with the
carrier almost don't the password and
then we will move on and there we go
we're going to hit join we join the
network and now let us jump to the next
section of the video or the setup
process so next it's going to activate
the phone and here's what's going to ask
you if you want to set up as a new
iPhone or restore from iTunes or iCloud
we want to restore from an iCloud backup
ok so tap iCloud ok and then we're going
to hit next and so the next step is you
have to actually log into your iCloud
account and from there it will actually
be able to find your last backups so
let's go ahead and do that now so I'm
going to when put in my iCloud
information this is where you put your
login of course I have a little trouble
keeping the phone steady but it's all
good
okay and then password I need you guys
to cover your eyes thank you appreciate
it
well I quickly put this code in my pulse
to my posted comment once you lose all
your password I was like thanks alright
so now we're going to hit next
no next term the conditions you're going
to agree and agree and now it's going to
look for your previous backups and there
it is so I just backed up the phone
about six minutes ago and so here's the
backup right here my phone and have it
named right-hand man and that one's
already checked that's perfect these are
some backups I did on my iPad you can
look for the older ones as well so we're
going to go ahead and hit restore and
now it's going to pull up all the apps
again that you had on there it's going
to sync everything you have an iCloud
from your calendar to your notes to your
contacts to your mail everything you had
selected in your iCloud when you set it
up that's what it's going to pull and
put back on the iPhone and I was so
amazed by this to take a quick story
my last iPhone dropped in cracked it I
had insurance so I was actually able to
breeding and swap it out and so as I was
in line waiting for them to do that
actually what's the settings and I make
sure what to I so you go to settings
iCloud and then you go down to storage
and backup and then I hit back up now
and let it just do a quick backup just
to make sure all my stuff was saved got
the new one signed in and immediately it
looked just like my previous iPhone
which was crazy so the cool thing about
it is one you know you're not having to
sit here and reset it up I normally get
a new phone you get the sub everything
from scratch well this way all your
settings you save everything you have in
place is there so it just cuts down on
your time
and literally once you log in all it has
to do is basically reload the the apps
and you're done and your phone is
totally set up so as you can see this
process can take a little long you know
anywhere from you know five minutes up
to thirty minutes or maybe an hour
depending on the strength of your
internet connection
so hopefully you working off a pretty
strong signal and we'll jump back so
just done and then we'll show you uh
what it's all about all right okay so
the iPhone has officially done the full
restore and as you can see it's
immediately started to sink or look for
new emails so that's the cool thing is
all your email accounts are synced or
your passwords during that you don't
have to go in and like we put the
password Z and then we can I give you a
little walkthrough here so just the
first thing you'll see when it pops up
some stuff is not going to download you
have to play up to iTunes but don't
worry about this this is the mail right
here we're storing from back up your
iPhone settings have been restored your
purchased apps and media will now be
automatically downloaded so you here
okay as you can see you have a bunch of
apps and whatnot that are now read
downloading so make sure your connect to
Wi-Fi and you know give it a little time
it won't take you know a little bit of
time because there's a lot of apps out
to be reloaded so obviously it's late so
I get to go to bed and wake up in the
morning and all this stuff is going to
be the way it needs to be but just to
show you if I wear my notes all my notes
are going to be in here from way way all
698 if I go to contacts all my contacts
are going to be in there as well my
whole contact book so um oh sorry
phone number they're all the phone
numbers so that's the cool part it's
just that when you back up your iPhone
to the cloud it does all the work for
you okay so a couple buttons you press
backs it up and then you get that new
phone new iPhone or whatever
do the backup/restore get the new phone
loading the iCloud and that's all you
have to do and the phone will do the
rest
so that's it the nutshell that's how you
restore your phone from an iCloud backup
hope that was helpful leave me a comment
let me know install the video subscribe
to h2 tech videos and keep watching have
a good one
you